---
title: 404 page
language: en
---

## Simple Custard Cream
### Ingredients
* 4 egg yolks (6 if you want to make it super-rich)
* 500mL of milk
* 25g of wheat
* 25g of cornstarch
* 120g sugar
        
### Process        

1. Optional but recommended: Heat up the milk in a saucepan to speed up
the process later. Make sure it doesn't boil though. This is a good
time to put any flavours you want in the milk (e.g. vanilla beans,
flavoured alcohol etc...)

2. During this time, separate the yolks from the whites, and whip sugar
with the yolks until it becomes pale yellow / ribbon. (In effect,
you are introducing air bubbles into the yolk which will protect
them from the heat and curdling)

3. Add the other powder (wheat + cornstarch) to the sugary yolks</li>

4. Now you can pour (slowly!) the milk on the egg mixture, while
whisking. The aim is to have a very liquid sauce, uniform.

5. Put back the sauce into the pan, and heat up the cream while
**continously whisking**.(If you don't sweat it means you don't whisk quickly enough!)

6. Keep heating until the sauce thickens and actually boils. Keep
whisking very vigourosly during a couple of minutes after you see
the first bubbles. (This will make the custard more smooth)

7. Turn off the heat, and put the cream into a airtight container. Cool
the sauce ASAP to avoid food infection (ice bath is convenient) and
film the sauce to avoid contamination by air.

8. You can use the custard in puff pastry, pies, etc. The cream will thicken in the fridge. If you want to put it into puff pastries or make it creamier, you can break the starch by mixing the cream again with a silicon spatula / wooden spoon just before use.

Try to eat everything in one day though, given that bacteria love all those calories to multiply, so don't give them enough time to!. (That shouldn't be too difficult!)
